# beyond-consistency
This repository contains the code for the analyses presented in our article, "Beyond consistency: Contextual dependency of language style in monologue and conversation" (Müller-Frommeyer, Kauffeld & Paxton).

# Overview
The repository contains several analysis files, figures, an R markdown file, and a markdown file.

 - Beyond_consistency.Rmd: R markdown with all data preparation, analysis, and visualization presented in our manuscript. 		Note that it includes some visualizations that are not included in the manuscript itself.

- Beyond_consistency.md: A markdown file generated by the R markdown of the same name. We recommend that you open this 		version to view in your browser.

- ./scripts/bc-libraries_and_functions.R: Downloads and loads in necessary packages and libraries to run the R markdown. 	(This is included in the R markdown file and does not need to be run separately.)

- ./figures: Contains recurrence plots for all monologues and conversations. The code to re-create them is included in the R markdown.

# Related materials
Anonymized LIWC outputs that are the basis for the calculations in the paper can be found at our OSF project: https://osf.io/3jx2g/

# Notes on running and viewing
For best viewing in a browser, we recommend selecting the beyond_consistency.md, rather than the similarly named .Rmd file. (Analyses should be run using the .Rmd file of the same name.)
For those unfamiliar with R markdown, we recommend taking a look at RStudio's introduction to R markdown before attempting to run the .Rmd file. (Be sure to download RStudio first, if you do not already have it installed on your machine.)
